okay we were talking about the four
steps to keep your clients longer make
more money and accelerate your arrival
to escape velocity right this is the
back end optimization to achieving full
autonomy and Fu money the entire
function as to why you were in a
business to get escape velocity money
what is escape velocity money so this is
the financial point of self-sustenance
your money produces enough money for you
to survive while requiring zero hours of
your time let's make an assumption here
you have 10 million dollars of liquid
you have a five percent risk-free rate
of return if you make five percent
return on 10 million dollars liquid you
get five hundred thousand dollars per
year net free cash flow the risk-free
rate of return is what the United States
government will pay you to lend money
from you this is the race that the
United States government will pay you
right you want as much money as possible
you want your money to self-sustain you
where you could do absolutely nothing
and there's no way that you could screw
this up so the quickest way for you to
stack cash is to sign clients for your
own business and keep them how do we
keep clients and the best way for me to
help you understand it is to walk you
through some churn math here's what
we're going to do we're going to talk
about churn so let's make some
assumptions here you've got a 30 churn
rate on your clients you charge three
thousand dollars per month and you get
one new client every single month here
are some charts to help you visualize
that with these numbers right here you
will cap out at ten thousand dollars per
month you will never ever make more than
ten thousand dollars per month if these
are your numbers and over the course of
a year you will make about a hundred
thousand dollars so you would probably
think oh well what if I just get two new
customers a month so let's change this
number to Two let's see what happens you
cop out at twenty thousand dollars per
month and you end up making about two
hundred thousand over the course of a
year but now let's get real ballsy with
this let's let's optimize for the long
term play let's cut this Churn number in
half what happens you went from capping
out to reaching almost the point of
Perpetual return this can keep going and
going going this might go up to 40K so
now what happens if you turn this into
five percent let's get real ballsy with
this what happens you can make an
absolutely absurd really more amount of
money your mrr will increase perpetually
if this is sufficiently low enough you
want this number to go as low as
possible and the reason why is because
it costs more effort and more money to
acquire a new client as opposed to
Simply keeping the ones you already have
it just makes more sense now to help you
visualize this even better each client
has a lifetime value so look at the
lifetime value of one client right here
the lifetime value of a singular client
right here is sixty thousand dollars now
if this goes back to Thirty the lifetime
value of them is only ten thousand
dollars so let's say you're running ads
for your business you're doing
hyperscale you're you're at ads right
now somebody with a ten thousand dollar
lifetime value of a customer might only
be willing to spend one thousand dollars
or two thousand dollars to acquire a
customer right and even then they'd be
making like zero a month one but they
know that each customer if their churn
rate is 30 they charge three thousand
dollars a month they know that their
average lifetime value of a client is
going to be ten thousand dollars each
but if this goes down to ten percent it
triple the lifetime value so this same
person who is only comfortable spending
one thousand or two thousand dollars to
acquire a new customer might now be
comfortable spending five thousand
dollars or eight thousand dollars to
acquire a new customer and this is
important in a competitive Marketplace
which every single one of you watching
this video exists inside of the person
who can spend the most to acquire a
customer gets all of the customers do
you understand what I'm saying you need
to have an absolutely extreme lifetime
value the higher your lifetime value
goes the way ballsier you can get the
lengths you are willing to go to acquire
a new customer you can do things that
other people cannot economically this is
important you have to play with these
numbers I'm going to leave a link to
this thing in the description that you
can play with so before proceeding
forward I will assume you know how to
get clients so you should have watched
this video you should have watched this
video I'm going to leave a link to these
in the description as well but let's
move forward with this let's let's talk
about the first four steps so there are
two components keeping clients two you
got the client result you get the client
experience now imagine this situation
you make a client twenty thousand
dollars profit per month charging them
three thousand dollars per month here so
your clients make a good profit working
with you however you barely talk to the
client you don't really have a
relationship with them then they get a
code email from one of your competitors
and it says we can make you forty
thousand dollars per month and now
because you're doing such a good job for
your client they default associate all
companies like yours as just magically
being able to get results you're a
legion agency another Legion agency came
to me and they said that they can make
me more money like oh yeah I'm gonna go
with that Legion agency because we gen
agencies just make us money that's what
they think the result itself becomes
commoditized because there's no loyalty
between you and the client because you
didn't establish a relationship with
them it's easy for them to leave because
they don't feel as if they're betraying
you it's just business as usual this is
why customer experience is important to
stop situations like this from happening
you don't want this to happen to you so
how do we make sure it doesn't happen to
you you give a good customer experience
how do you give a good customer
experience there are four steps to this
step one onboarding All Humans
regardless of whether you are B2B or b2c
are human they want attention and they
want to be heard they don't want to get
lost in The Ether right if you have a
team there needs to be a direct handoff
between sales and fulfillment there
should never ever ever be blank space
like where they're not sure what is
supposed to happen next so you sign a
client they pay there's no email they're
like waiting for something to happen
they're just confused as to what they do
now they were scared to give you the
money then they give you the money and
that they're confused what's happening
it's terrible right there needs to be a
clear step forward at every point in
time effectively a checklist for every
conceivable thing that needs to happen
for somebody to get on board right so
step two is selectivity you need to only
be working with clients who are certain
we'll get results the best way for me to
explain this to you is to show you a
graph so there are qualified clients and
there are unqualified clients and the
more unqualified a client is to work
with you the more effort that is
required to get them results this is
what happens when you sign unqualified
clients it's more work to get the same
results as the qualify clients the
qualified client only requires this much
right here where I'm pointing not a lot
the unqualified clients require four
five six ten times more effort to get
the same results as the qualified client
and this is important to understand
because time spent trying to get
unqualified clients results is less time
spent on working with good clients right
for every one hour you spend dealing
with bad clients is one less hour you
can spend on finding better more
qualified clients who are easier to get
results for so what you want to do here
is identify trigger points what did your
best clients have in common what did
your worst clients have in common do
your best clients already have case
studies do your worst clients have zero
case studies if that's the case you
should make it a requirement that all
clients you work with all already have
case studies and under absolutely no
circumstance will you work with a client
who does not have case studies this is
what I did for my original lead
generation agency my first business my
first proper agency Legion age the cold
email agency this is what I did step
three consistent communication at all
times your clients should know what the
game plan is and should be getting
updated on results ideally in real time
for instance can you create automations
to notify clients every time they get a
new lead or a call schedule and you
automate that every time you do you get
something for them and they just see it
immediately just notification that you
just got them a result right and if they
see this all the time every day all week
it's implanting into their mind that you
are indispensable can you create a live
dashboard they can view in real time and
you want to be transparent about when
results aren't good if you're not
getting good results let them know your
action plan to make it better don't hide
away in a hole hoping they won't notice
most people are reasonable and will
actually understand what's going on they
simply want to see you're trying and not
forgetting about them right the results
are bad tell them you understand and
they're bad and tell them what you're
going to do to fix that you can't hide
in the hole step four is unprompted
extra value you should be going out of
your way to deliver peripheral Services
Consulting advice work to your clients
that will have a high leverage for them
let me give you an example let's say
you're a cold email lead generation
agency and your clients are having a
tough time closing the sales call right
so you might be able to help them with
their sales process and their email
follow-ups right is their show rate bad
give them the text automations and the
email automations after a call is booked
are they unable to close the calls
review their calls for them and teach
them like how to close code traffic do
they have a bad vsl or no case studies
on their page offer to make the case
studies for them right you have an
inherent incentive to want them to get
good results so they stay your client
right so the client experience is what
leads to the client results you'll only
get testimonials in case from a client
that likes you it's only after you have
successfully done client results and
client experience can you enter into the
flywheel so what is the flywheel and I
talk about this a lot this is this is 80
of the functional workings of your
business this is how you grow a company
this is how I've grown all of my
companies I've hit seven figures three
separate times you get a client you get
a case study and that case study by
leveraging it allows you to get another
client and that client results in
another case study to which you can then
use that case study to get another
client which does the same thing it's a
Perpetual cycle over and over and over
again this is how you grow a company
it's the same thing every single time
right so we will help you at a bare
minimum of ten thousand dollars per
month and new Revenue to a business and
refund you if it doesn't wear this for a
marketing agencies B2B company
clientcenter.com I'll leave a link to in
the description love you goodbye
subscribe